Your knee has four major ligaments.
The knee ligament called
the anterior cruciate ligament,
or ACL,
connects the thighbone, or femur,
to the shinbone, or tibia.
An ACL that is severely torn
may be surgically reconstructed with a graft,
so that your thigh and shinbones are
connected with ligaments or tendons
taken from another part of your leg.
To do the procedure,
the torn ACL is removed
and the graft is attached
through holes the surgeon drills
in the thighbone and shinbone.
After the graft is passed through the holes,
it is held in place with screws
or other devices.
Incisions in your skin are closed
with stitches, tape or staples.